Adding descriptions and titles on user documents (1/3) (#10077)
gardener/gardener: docs/usage/shoot_purposes.md

---

> description: Different Cluster purposes and their behavioral differences

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Available Shoot cluster purposes and the behavioral differences between them.
```
